Are you lecturing me?
Forget it.
Let's quit.
Let's forget it all.
Look here, Mr. Han.
Excuse me.
You're Ms. Oh Mi-ran's
daughter-in-law, correct?
Yes.
I'm glad you're here.
He's the social worker
who's in charge of her case.
You haven't scheduled
the interview yet, have you?
Why don't we do it now,
since you're both here?
Right now?
Yes.
I originally came
to interview someone else.
What great timing.
It would've been a pain
to schedule a day anyway.
You should.
Starting the recording.
You've made
a difficult decision
for your mother-in-law.
I'm sorry for putting you through
this complicated verification process too.
You see, there are people
who illegally enter
into fake marriages
because situations are dire.
We noticed
that you registered your marriage
all of a sudden.
That's why
we have no choice but to investigate.
May I ask you
a few questions?
Of course.
Yes.
Ms. Kang Hye-su,
your job is listed here as a chef.
Do you know
when she got her cooking certificate?
It should be about two years ago.
She got her cooking certificate
for western cuisine
when we began dating.
Honey, you got your cooking certificate
for Korean food before then, right?
Yes.
Gosh.
You have a great memory.
I was very proud of her
for getting her certificates.
I see.
Where was
the last vacation you took?
We went skiing in Yongpyong.
Around when?
It was for 2 nights and 3 days
from December 25th.
Do you want our lodging documentation?
I'd appreciate it.
Was it just the two of you?
I heard you have a child. Did she also...
She went with us too,
since she was on break.
You must get along well
with her child too.
Of course. We're close.
What's the child's name?
Eun-seong. Cha Eun-seong.
I knew that, of course.
I'm sure.
Eun-seong must be happy,
getting such a handsome stepdad.
You're too kind.
The person you are trying
to reach cannot...
She isn't answering her phone,
and she isn't coming either.
Give it to me.
It really is my mom's picture.
It definitely is not.
You saw wrong.
This is something little kids cannot see.
Not suitable for minors.
I'm sure
it was Mom and that man.
Are you sure it wasn't?
That man?
Who?
Do you know him?
Auntie, is my mom getting married?
Eun-seong.
What kind of nonsense is that?
Why would she get married
when she has you?
She isn't, right?
You submitted receipts
for gifts you exchanged
while you were dating.
You also submitted testimonies
of people around you.
The donor hasn't submitted testimonies
from her side though.
Right. I will submit them soon.
Is there a problem?
Please submit
more documents that we can send over
to the head office.
These seem to be a bit insufficient.
We need more proof
that the two of you had really dated.
Okay.
Okay, then.
Let's end here for today.
Let's meet again
once you've submitted the documents.
All right.
By the way,
the child's name...
Eun-seong.
Cha Eun-seong.
May I meet with her?
Eun-seong?
Yes.
Goodbye, then.
Why does he want to meet the kid?
Doesn't he have better things to do?
Your kid is smart, right?
Let's go work on her.
I'm sorry,
but I can't do it.
It's not right getting my child
to put up an act too.
I've hurt her a lot over the years.
I can't do it.
Then what do we do?
We need to do all we can first.
Is hurting her that big of a deal?
Didn't you expect this much?
You have the lunch shift tomorrow, right?
Good.
Let's have dinner tomorrow.
First, I need to get closer with the kid.
Go first,
and convince her.
What is this?
Are you engaged?
How did you find that?
Does that really matter right now?
Explain yourself first.
What's going on? Who is he?
Did Eun-seong see this?
I made an excuse
to her.
What's going on?
Who is he?
How could you get engaged
without telling me?
Give it to me.
I'll explain later.
Later when?
Eun-seong will hear you.
I'll explain later.
I have a favor to ask you too.
Once she goes to nursery,
I'll come to the shop
and explain everything.
Go now. Go.
Eun-seong, what are you doing?
I'm reading.
You're reading?
Do you want to play with me?
No, I'm fine.
You're fine?
Did you have fun with Auntie today?
Yes.
-But Mom,
-Yes?
I'm busy reading this book.
Okay.
I won't talk.
I heard you went to see my aunt.
Yes.
Be understanding.
She still misses
Seok-hwan so much.
She's aged a lot.
Be good to her.
Stop stressing her out.
How did I stress her out?
I got my act together a while ago.
I'm taking a few days off.
My friend opened a store
and asked me to help out.
If my business goes well,
I'll help you pay off your debt.
Thanks,
but I'm not in debt anymore.
I told you I paid it off.
Who would believe that?
Just trust me.
Seung-ju.
Hye-su?
May I have a word?
What are you doing there?
Ta-da.
What is all of this?
Well...
They're from Mr. Han.
I heard you two are having dinner
with Eun-seong later.
He says they're presents for her.
Gosh.
Won't she be happy to get a new dad?
She's smart,
so I'm sure she'll do well.
One, two, three.
Oh my gosh!
Oh my.
What is all this?
My friend sent them for you.
It's so pretty.
-May I try it on?
-Of course.
What friend?
Do you have a friend
other than Auntie Ju-yeon
that I don't know?
Try it on first.
Let's talk on the way.
Okay.
Where are we going?
Come here.
You're so good.
These are the appetizers.
Which would you like?
Gosh.
Is it a special day today?
Which one should we have?
We'll take the chocolate.
Thank you.
Shall we eat this?
It looks so good.
To be honest, Eun-seong,
I have a boyfriend.
A boyfriend?
You're dating?
That's right.
So I want to introduce him to you today.
Who is he?
He is...
The thing is...
You're here already.
Sorry, I'm late.
This man is your boyfriend?
Yes.
Gosh, the dress
and shoes look great on you.
I'll give you toys later.
I brought a whole bunch in my car.
I've been too embarrassed to tell you,
but...
Were you shocked, Eun-seon?
It's Eun-seong.
Yes. Eun-seong.
Well...
Shall we order first?
What do you like, Eun-seong?
Excuse me.
Yes?
What would you like, Hye-su?
I'll have...
Eun-seong, I'll pick for you, okay?
What's wrong, Eun-seong?
Do you need to use the restroom?
What are you doing?
Eun-seong.
Eun-seong!
Eun-seong, stop.
Stop.
Let's go back in. Let's talk inside.
I hate that man.
I can't stand him.
Today won't work. Let's try another time.
-Eun-seong!
-Eun-seong.
What a brat.
Hello?
Hello, this is the hospital.
Is this Mr. Han Ji-hun?
Yes, it is.
Your mother refuses to have
the transplant operation.
-Gosh.
-I'm going home.
I told you it's too late already.
We can't cancel it.
I don't want it.
I won't sell my son
in order to save my life.
Who knows where she's from?
How could you do something so dangerous?
Get your money back from her
and undo this!
It's too late.
We've already registered our marriage.
What?
You...
You even registered your marriage?
How else could you have
a daughter-in-law donate her liver?
Ji-hun.
Why do I want to save you so badly?
Yes.
This is so embarrassing.
Do I need to say this myself?
Because you're family.
You're my only family.
Got it?
Don't say anything,
and just act like a mother-in-law.
I know you quit that career early
because you had no talent,
but at least try.
Don't get caught by the hospital.
Hi, Auntie.
I'll take that.
Goodness.
Auntie.
Do you really not want to see Eun-seong?
Don't you want to see Eun-seong?
She looks just like Seok-hwan.
She's totally his doppelganger.
You'd be shocked if you saw.
Can't you stop being stubborn
and forgive her?
How could someone so kind
and great as you be
so mean only to Hye-su?
I know what you're up to.
Don't waste your breath.
What do you mean?
It's true.
I know I was abandoned with nowhere to go,
but it's still not easy to take in someone
who isn't related to you at all.
You are a total angel.
You may not have wings,
but you're an angel. Right?
You punk. Stop babbling.
Taking you in
is the biggest regret of my life.
I understand why.
I'll give you that.
Let it go.
It isn't just her fault
that Seok-hwan died.
Don't you remember
how much you adored her
when she was young?
Just think about that, will you?
Where are you going at this hour?
To meet a friend.
You're not getting
into trouble again lately, are you?
Stop worrying.
That brat.
-Gosh.
-See you later.
Why do you keep canceling?
You're embarrassing me.
-I've been busy--
-Who doesn't know that?
I'm not asking you to get married.
I'm asking you to just meet her.
Don't push him too much.
He isn't interested
in getting married yet.
He can meet people
after Jeong-hun's wedding.
I'm saying that
because she's a great catch.
She's so smart.
You'd fall in love with her too.
I don't trust
your judgment.
Is there a woman
you can't forget or something?
That's silly.
When it warms up,
let's go golfing
with Na-yoon.
What days work for you? Saturday?
Or Sunday?
I quit golf.
You should take Mom.
You must be working really hard.
I'm sorry, Dad.
I don't think I'm emotionally ready
to meet that man's daughter.
Please push it back.
Did you ask for me?
Mr. Han! Fire!
That was close.
How did you end up causing a fire?
The face is okay.
Here.
She must be the ex-girlfriend
from when you were studying abroad.
Are you always so nosy?
Stay out of my business.
I'd like to,
but you told me all of the details
even when I didn't want to know.
You're always talking back.
Did you talk to your kid?
No, not yet.
Then what? Will you let her meet
the social worker like this?
How could a mom not control her kid?
A kid is just like an adult.
You can't control them
just because they're kids.
There you go, lecturing me again.
Then do something! Beat her or bribe her!
I'm sorry,
but you're the one who made this mess.
Eun-seong needs time too.
Her mom suddenly has a boyfriend,
and she suddenly got a dad.
How could I tell her
to accept that overnight?
Fine.
I'll try to talk to her.
All right.
Eun-seong.
Would you like an end piece?
Come on.
You always go crazy for the end pieces.
Here.
I'm going to eat it then.
I'm really eating it.
It's so good.
Eun-seong.
I know you're happy.
Don't pretend you're not.
I hate amusement parks. I'm not going.
Don't be like that.
You begged for me
to take you on my day off.
I did not.
Hi, Eun-seong. I'm a bear.
Mom said she really wants to go
to the amusement park.
Can't you go with her just once?
Please? Eun-seong.
Isn't it good?
Tell me it's the best.
Please?
Pretty please?
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Hot water, please.
The new menu...
Gosh.
It isn't doing very well.
Hello.
You're right.
We should brainstorm new plans.
Hye-su is taking Eun-seong
to an amusement park.
An amusement park?
Shouldn't you tag along
and take some pictures?
I thought you had to submit
more supporting documents.
Things just keep getting tougher.
The kid is no joke.
What if she spills everything?
What then?
Spill what?
What does she know?
"He isn't close to my mom at all.
I don't know that man."
I'm worried she'd say things like that.
Mom, I want to do that too.
Okay. Hold on.
-How pretty.
-Can you reach?
-Well done.
-Look.
-No, I can't reach.
-You can't?
It eats so well.
It likes it.
Look at it eat.
Eun-seong.
-It's simple, isn't it?
-I want to try.
Isn't it so big?
It's really big.
-It's your favorite.
-You're right.
These are the giraffes. Aren't they big?
From birth, they are about 180cm tall.
They grow to be about
as tall as a two-story building.
That's about five to six meters...
What are you looking at?
What?
Mom.
Shall we feed him?
-They love leaves.
-Oh my.
He eats very well.
Isn't he handsome?
Why don't you try, sir?
Here you go.
That's right.
Delicious.
Eun-seong.
Do you want to have lunch?
I'll buy you something yummy.
What's that? Is that gimbap?
I love gimbap.
-Want some gimbap?
-Let's eat gimbap.
Let's eat gimbap.
I'm hungry. Sit down.
There you go.
Should we take a picture before we eat?
Okay.
Okay. Cheese.
Smile.
Eun-seong.
Did you invite him?
No, but I...
Eun-seong.
-Eun-seong.
-Wait a second.
Why did you come here?
Stop arguing with me.
I don't like it either.
Stay here. I'll get her.
Eun-seong.
Here. Do you want ice cream?
Ice cream.
Do you want ice cream?
I love ice cream.
Here.
It's yummy.
Come on.
Your dad's arms are getting tired.
It's ice cream, Eun-seong.
Eun-seong.
Help!
-Help!
-Eun-seong.
Mom.
Eun-seong.
-Mom.
-Yes?
Don't go.
You can't go to this man.
Eun-seong, ice cream.
Go. Get away. She's my mom!
Today won't work. You should go.
Mom, don't go.
Stop being like this.
You can't act this way.
Mom, don't go.
You can't leave me.
Why would I leave you?
-Let's go.
-I hate him.
I hate that man so much.
Don't be like that.
Why would I leave you?
Don't cry.
I'm sorry, so don't cry.
Let's go home.
Let's go.
I'm leaving.
Listen to your dad
and don't fight with your brother.
Ji-hun,
I'm leaving now.
I'm leaving.
Ji-hun.
How could a mom leave her child
and not call even once?
He eats junk food all day
and sleeps anywhere.
She hasn't taught him anything basic.
Where do I even begin to change him?
HAN SEONG-GUK
EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES
-Oh my.
-What happened?
She slit her wrist in the bathtub.
-What?
-Why?
She was probably caught
for being a mistress.
She's a mistress?
She wasn't a widow with a kid?
You didn't know?
She already sent the kid to the father.
Mom!
Eun-seong.
That man and I aren't allowed
to like each other?
Yes, you aren't.
Gosh, you can't starve like this.
You need your energy to get your surgery.
What a waste.
You must be so happy.
It's hard to find a daughter-in-law
like that these days.
Hello?
What's wrong with your voice?
Are you sick?
I have a cold.
What is it?
Talk to Ji-hun.
He refuses to get married.
He canceled several blind dates
I arranged for him.
I think
it's because of you,
so you need to get involved.
Why is that because of me?
It's probably his Achilles' heel
that his mom is not my wife.
He must be ashamed.
That's why he won't date or get married.
You're the only one
who can do something about it.
Talk to him and convince him
to get married.
It's too good an opportunity to pass up.
Why are you telling me to convince him?
That's your family's problem.
Don't tell me what to do.
If his own father can't convince him,
how could I...
I have a bad cold.
I can't talk long.
Goodbye.
Eun-seong.
I have something to say.
No. I won't listen.
You want to talk about that man again.
Wrong. That's not it.
Come and fold this.
You're all grown up now.
You're a young lady.
You should start folding your clothes.
Gosh, I'm so tired.
When will I ever finish?
I wish you'd help me with this one.
It would help so much
if you'd fold just this one.
Will you help?
Good girl.
Thank you.
Here.
Fold it the way I do.
Gosh, you're a professional.
You're better than me.
I can do everything.
Fine. Then try the pants.
Fold it however you want.
You need to know how to do everything
even if I'm not around anymore.
You need to know how to fold laundry,
set the table for yourself,
and get dressed by yourself.
You need to know
how to do all of that, okay?
Why?
Because you want to get married?
What?
You're going to marry that man
and go far, far away?
That's what Auntie Ju-yeon said.
She said if you leave me
and go far, far away,
I'll have to live with her.
She was just teasing you.
Why would I go far away without you?
My goodness.
That's not what I meant when I said you
need to know how to do things on your own.
It's because I'm busy.
So you should do things
that you can do on your own.
We can't live together forever.
I'm super old,
so I can't live forever.
-That's why--
-That's why what?
That's why you should learn one by one.
Brush your teeth by yourself,
eat by yourself,
and shower by yourself.
Do everything by yourself.
Okay?
What about marriage?
You won't do it, right?
You won't, right?
Right?
HOW TO WIN OVER A KID
HOW DO I WIN A KID OVER?
HOW TO CONNECT WITH KIDS
"Listening to and relating to
what the child says is the first step
to communication..."
That's so obvious.
Everyone knows that.
"Above all else,
spend a lot of time with the child."
What is that?
It's supposed to rain tomorrow,
so I'm bringing the bike in.
She can ride a bike?
We got it from our old landlady.
She's learning little by little.
Tell her to come out.
I'll teach her how to ride.
At this hour? She's sleeping.
This is no time for sleep.
They said she needs to spend
as much time with me as possible.
Who did?
Well...
Somebody.
Remember what happened this afternoon?
You should avoid
spending time together right now.
She hates you already.
Am I doing this for myself?
That's not what I mean.
I'm saying we can't force it.
You said you'd convince her.
What will you do?
You don't care if it ends here?
You'll pay back all the money?
What?
I'm frustrated too.
I'm going crazy because I have no choice.
A person's life is at stake.
Get your head on straight.
THINGS A SEVEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL LIKES
RION ART HALL
When did you come?
Why don't you answer your phone?
I keep my phone off during practice.
It's not like you practice day and night.
I couldn't reach you at all.
That isn't right.
I don't contact anyone before a recital.
I want to focus.
I need to finish practicing.
-I'll call you later.
-Hold on.
Don't you even have time for tea?
We set our engagement date.
You heard, right?
Jeong-hun.
What?
Why don't we take a break
from seeing each other?
Let's push back the engagement too.
-Let's start over.
-What do you mean?
What?
Did you have a change of heart?
Is there someone
that you like?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I'll talk to my parents.
Have you lost your mind?
How could you do this
if you were right in the head?
Sorry, Ju-yeon.
I thought I just had to get surgery.
I didn't know I'd need a witness.
I have no siblings or family.
You're the only one who can help me.
So you're asking me to say,
"Yes, my friend
was dating that man.
So take my friend's liver
and give it to his mom." Is that it?
-Ju-yeon.
-I can't do that.
Not a chance.
Do you even know what you're doing?
You're selling your liver.
What will you sell next
if you run out of money?
Why not sell your kidney too?
What's the need for two of them?
I know it's not right--
Then how could you do this?
Hye-su.
I know
things are tough,
but you're not the only one struggling
with money.
Other people don't do this!
Hye-su,
I thought you were smart.
I guess I was wrong. Sorry.
I can't do this.
It's not that I won't.
I can't.
Why?
It's because I feel like I no longer
know who you really are.
Sorry.
Hold on.
You'll end up in prison if you get caught.
You'll be behind bars.
What happens to Eun-seong then?
You'll leave that poor thing all alone!
That's why...
That's why I can't leave things like this.
I did everything I could until now.
I struggled every day for seven years
while raising Eun-seong,
but nothing changed for the better.
No.
Instead of getting better,
things just got worse.
I'm doing this to protect her.
I can do anything to protect her.
Not just my liver,
but I could sell my heart too.
Ju-yeon.
You can curse me if you want.
You can hit me.
Please.
You're the only one I can ask.
You've really lost your mind.
You've really gone crazy.
Seriously?
What do I do with you?
Ms. Oh, are you going somewhere?
Yes. I want to go out for a bit.
No way.
You can't go anywhere in your state.
I'm fine.
I'll take a short walk nearby as exercise.
Don't tell anyone at the hospital.
I'll be right back.
But...
Ms. Oh.
Have a nice day.
Goodness. The spring rain is falling hard.
Oh my. Ms. Oh.
What brings you--
Is Ji-hun in?
Pardon?
Wait. Did you tell the hospital?
Can you be out like this?
Did Ji-hun not come today?
-Hye-su.
-Well...
The thing is...
He's at the head office.
He didn't come today.
Is there something urgent?
You can't overexert yourself like this.
My goodness.
You...
You work here?
My goodness.
She's an employee here?
We need to talk.
Yes, Ms. Oh.
Your life really is a mess, isn't it?
I don't know what your situation is,
but how did it come to this?
I'm glad I saw you today.
Let's go.
Where?
To meet with an attorney.
Sorry?
Let's get the marriage annulled.
-Ms. Oh.
-Go change.
It hasn't even been that long
since you registered the marriage.
I'm sure there's a way.
I'll talk to Mr. Han first.
There's nothing to talk to him about!
Just come with me.
Wait.
Take a breather.
Breathe a little first, and talk slowly.
Hye-su, go upstairs
and make her some honey tea.
Quickly.
Look at you, you're all wet.
You'll catch a cold like this. Goodness.
Towel...
Do you know Mr. Han's mom?
Yes, a little.
You know a lot of people.
You're close to Seung-ju too.
You're well-connected, aren't you?
-The person you are trying to reach...
-My gosh.
Why won't this punk pick up?
Why are you here?
The tea.
Is the tea ready?
Yes. Here.
I'm losing my mind.
Darn it.
Where did she go?
She just left.
What?
Gosh.
Where did she go?
Go inside. I'll look for her.
No, I'll look for her.
What?
Gosh.
Why isn't he answering?
This is the transplantation center
at Seungjin Hospital.
I've been trying to reach you
for the follow-up interview,
but I haven't heard back from you.
Please give us a call.
Hi, Ho-jun. What's up?
We're in trouble.
Why?
-Have you heard from her?
-Is she ignoring your calls too?
Call the police.
Okay.
Hey, take this umbrella.
No!
Let go.
Don't do this.
Let go, please.
Let me die. I don't want to live.
Don't do this.
Let go!
I've done only horrible things to my son.
I don't want to harm my son anymore.
I can't do this anymore. Let go.
No, you have to live.
Let go! Who are you to say anything?
Ms. Oh!
Ms. Oh.
Are you okay?
-Are you okay?
-Let go.
Ms. Oh!
Let go of me. Let go!
-Let go!
-Ms. Oh.
Let go. Please.
Then go with me.
I'll die with you.
If you die, I die.
If you die,
I'll die too.
You need to live for me to live.
I want to live like crazy.
I really want to live like crazy.
Ms. Oh, please...
We should both live.
Living is still better, isn't it?
Even if it's a pathetic life,
living is still better.
Ms. Oh.
Ms. Oh, I'm begging you.
Please, Ms. Oh.
Ms. Oh.
Ms. Oh, please.
I'm begging you, Ms. Oh.
My goodness.
I told you not to go out.
Gosh.
Please get the doctor.
Okay.
Please leave.
I want to be alone.
Leave.
How is...
I'll go now.
I'm late to pick up Eun-seong.
Wait.
Put this on.
I'm fine.
Look after your mother.
Hye-su.
Get in.
Just get in.
If you catch a cold,
you can't get the surgery.
Where's the day care center?
It's okay.
Drop me off near home.
You said you're...
You said you're late.
I'll take care of what's going on
with Eun-seong.
If she hates me that much,
let's look for another way.
RECENT CALLS
HAN JI-HUN
Found it.
Eun-seong, you must be hungry.
Let's eat.
What do you...
Where are you going?
The playground.
The playground?
Alone?
Don't follow me there.
I can go alone.
You told me to do everything on my own.
Eun-seong.
What are you doing?
Where are you going?
Go away. Don't follow me.
I'm not following you.
I'm just going in the same direction.
You go your way, and I'll go mine.
I hate you.
I know.
You can't have my mom.
I know that too.
My mom said
that she loves only me and my dad.
My dad and I are all she has.
Hey,
love changes.
It does not.
Eun-seong.
Eun-seong!
Ji-hun.
Do you always stay this late?
I have lots of problems too.
Do you love my mom?
Then you can't leave
like my dad did, okay?
Ji-hun, do you no longer have
feelings for me?
Can't we start over?
Sorry for not introducing you sooner.
This is my girlfriend, Kang Hye-su.
We're engaged.
Don't do anything you'll regret.
Everything depends on that one moment.
Why do you live so foolishly?
He was a good person.
He always gave everything to me.
I'll divorce you quickly,
so meet a good guy next time.
Okay?
Subtitle translation by Blake Lee